{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. I used the multiply blend mode on a layer above the doggy image in order to create a shadow. It was not taught in class, but in the conference with the instructor. \
2. I am particularly proud of the refining of the mask. I spent a lot of time experimenting with the parameters and the tools, and I think I was able to preserve the hairs of the doggy with a good definition.  \
3. Refining the mask was challenging.  Even though I took notes from the cat demo, they weren\'92t super organized in a way that allowed me to replicate what we learned. I was trying to remove all the orange background at once in the select and mask. I had to use the refinement brush and figure out how it worked properly. In the conference with the instructor I realized that it was more productive to refine the selection and then do further modifications on a mask. \
4. For the bonus part, I used the lasso tool in order to define an area for the generative fill. \
First, I wanted to refine the shadows but it did not work as well as i wanted.  Then, I thought about a bone in the mouth of the doggy but I didn\'92t like many of the presented variations because of the teeth, they were aggressive or the bone wasn\'92t very realistic. Finally, I just wrote \'93Stick for the dog to play\'94 as prompt and it worked better than any other, although the final result wasn\'92t really a wood stick as I was wanted. \
}